Title: Resume

### Work Experience

#### [Bluewolf, An IBM Company](https://www.bluewolf.com/) <span style="float:right">6/2017 - present</span>

I am currently working as a **SalesForce** platform developer, making web
applications and back-end processes to meet client's business needs.
I have thus far been the primary developer on two multi-month client projects.
Much of my work relates to the SalesForce Lightning Experience and Lightning
Component framework.

#### [1st Playable Productions](http://www.1stplayable.com/) <span style="float:right">9/2016 - 12/2016</span>

At 1P I developed web-based children's games in **JavaScript** and **Haxe**.
Primarily I worked on a multi-stage game based on a episode of a popular
children's TV show. The remainder were educational games for Elementary school students integrated into a larger site.

#### [RPI Computer Science Department](https://www.cs.rpi.edu/) <span style="float:right">8/2015 - 12/2015</span>

As a computer science mentor I held out-of-class help sessions for students in
Computer Science I and Data Structures, taught with **Python** and **C++**
respectively. I was also a teaching assistant for some CS1 lab sections.

#### [UPS](https://ups.com/) <span style="float:right">5/2015 - 8/2015</span>

During the summer I maintained and extended an internal **.NET** web application
for monitoring delivery statuses. It was used in a command center for monitoring
the day-to-day health of ground shipping operations.

#### [RPI Panda Lab](http://panda.cogsci.rpi.edu/) <span style="float:right">10/2014 - 5/2015</span>

Worked as a programmer in a lab performing studies on the relationship between
visual processing and locomotion. Wrote **C++** code to render graphics with
**OpenGL** and interface with **motion capture** hardware to collect experiment
data.

### Education

#### Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute <span style="float:right">08/2012 - 12/2015</span>

Studied Computer Science and Electrical Engineering. Graduated in 2015 with a
Computer Science Degree. Courses taken include *Operating Systems*,
*Advanced Computer Graphics*, *Database Systems*, *Programming Languages*,
*Software Design and Documentation*, and *Cryptography and Network Security*.

### Personal Projects

#### [Breezeblocks](https://github.com/modimore/breezeblocks)

Breezeblocks is a **Python** package for generating and executing SQL statements,
then getting the results back in Python. It uses the **builder pattern** to allow
the user to flexibly construct queries, inserts, updates, and deletes.

#### [Discord Dice Bot](https://github.com/modimore/Discord-Dice-Bot)

A while back I made a dice-rolling bot for [Discord](https://discordapp.com) chat
servers. It is written in **Python**. I originally made the bot nearer to when
Discord was released for a D&D group I was playing with. I keep a bot running on
**Heroku** which is also used by tabletop RPG groups I am not playing with.
